*Ethereum Engineer*
€60 - 180k + Equity / Tokens

Berlin based or willing to relocate

Chainflip enables cross-chain cryptocurrency swapping - like swapping Bitcoin for Ethereum - without using centralised exchanges, 
specialised wallets, or wrapped tokens. Think of it like Uniswap, but you will always receive the native token.

Existing decentralised token swapping solutions suffer from a range of issues that severely limit usability, privacy, and practicality. 
Utilising a highly secure system of Vault Nodes, Chainflip is a protocol for automated cross-chain token swaps that resolves these 
issues with a truly decentralised solution.

We will be dramatically expanding the team over the next 6 months, and we’re looking for people who are looking to be a part of a fast 
growing early stage team to carry forward the vision we have for the future of permissionless value transfer. 

You’ll be joining an experienced founder along with an existing engineering team and ongoing support from another major project. We’re 
an early stage venture but we already have momentum, funding and, most importantly, a plan.

If you’re ambitious, experienced, and passionate about DeFi we want to hear from you.

*The Role*

As an early member of the Chainflip team you will have the opportunity to grow within the business and propel your career in an industry 
that can truly change how we view self-sovereignty and transfer of value. 

We need an experienced solidity developer to join the team on a permanent basis. You will be the key person responsible for the writing 
and auditing of smart contracts in the company. This role would be supported by our existing engineering team, who have skills with 
solidity, but could do with the experience and oversight of a true specialist. 

For this role, you will have a professional history with smart contracts in the cryptocurrency industry, as well as general software 
engineering skills that can be deployed elsewhere in the business. In particular, experience in DeFi or in cryptography would be ideal, 
but not essential. Additionally, there is scope for you to become the CTO or similar if you have extensive software development managerial 
experience.

Salary range is €60k - 180k, plus equity/tokens

*The Process*

Please submit your CV for review. For our engineering or technical roles, the first step will be a 1hr remote code interview run by our existing engineering team in a language of your choice.

Further stages will be a more informal meeting with various members of the team. We move quickly for the right people and will expedite the process where possible.

If you have any questions about the role, or would like to submit your information directly, you can email [the team here](team@chainflip.io)

We look forward to hearing from you and hope that you join us on our journey.
