Sr. Blockchain Engineer / Tech Lead (early stage)

Opolis is seeking to add a Sr Engineering Lead to its small, yet determined, development team.

Opolis: an international public utility for employment, payroll & benefits

Opolis is reframing the relationship between “Employers” and “Employees”. With a blockchain based protocol built for “self-sovereign employment”, Opolis aims to move employment from “Corporation-based” to “Network-based”. The framework includes both technological and legal layers to create Decentralized Employment Organizations (DEO’s). DEO’s will allow freelancers, gig workers and regular individuals a portable, self-determined alternative to traditional corporate controlled, W2 based employment.

Role Description:

Lead collaboration amongst the team and with external technology partners
Responsible for leading daily & weekly standups with the engineering team and executive Stewarships.
Lead the engineering team in development of DEO framework releases
Guide development process with Product Lead to ensure complete & documented engineering requirements
Continuously collaborate with Executive Steward, Operations Steward and Product Lead to determine development schedule & metrics
Act as the technical face of the organization alongside the Executive Steward at conferences, meetups and community events.
Requirements:

Proven start-up success experience
Passionate about DAOs & innovative complex organizing systems
Passion for the “future of work”
Successfully demonstrated ability to lead & scale software development teams
Expert level experience as a full stack developer with a back-end focus
Experience scaling applications
Experience with microservice architectures
Experience designing and maintaining enterprise-level database schemas
Comprehensive understanding of blockchain governance, token economics and game theory
Experience in API/SDK development & integrations
Experience designing or constructing distributed protocols
Experience operating full blockchain nodes and wallets
Expert in developing secure Ethereum smart contracts
Strong understanding of cryptographic hashing and encryption schemes
Competency in writing protocol white papers or other technical documentation
Expert Bufficornologist
Languages/Platform Experience:

We’re looking for someone with highly competent levels of knowledge and experience in:

Golang or similar backend languages
Solidity and other blockchain languages
Amazon Web Services (AWS) / similar tech
Front end languages and frameworks

Cultural Values & Alignment:

Intrinsic Motivation: Opolis allows its team members a significant amount of flexibility and autonomy. Only those who are internally motivated to deliver excellence and have the discipline to self-manage thrive here.
Team First: Contribution first. Opolis believes that success is a byproduct of value contribution to a cause greater than self.
Lead by Example: Do the right thing…no matter what. Listen more than you speak. Respect others. Serve our purpose above all else. Care about improving humanity with our work.
Question Everything: Always question. Why are things the way they are? How can we improve? How can we learn? How can we grow?
Simplicity, Automation & Efficiency Minded: Evaluate circumstances and look for opportunities to automate & simplify. Less is more. Work lean, iterate quickly. Fail fast & learn powerfully.
Entrepreneurial Workstyle: Agile and disciplined regarding problems and time management. Do more with less. Figure it out. Persevere. You must be determined to succeed, convinced of our goals and tenacious in delivering excellent results.
Passion for Innovation & BIG Dreams: Desire to build and innovate beyond legacy thinking. Big thinkers & dreamers welcome. Let’s change the world and improve humanity together!
